int rl_on_new_line (void)
	Tell the update functions that we have moved onto a new (empty) line, usually after outputting a newline.

void rl_clear_history (void)
	Clear the history list by deleting all of the entries, in the same manner as the History library’s clear_history() function. 
	This differs from clear_history because it frees private data Readline saves in the history list

void rl_replace_line (const char *text, int clear_undo)
	Replace the contents of rl_line_buffer with text. The point and mark are preserved, if possible.
 	If clear_undo is non-zero, the undo list associated with the current line is cleared

- n Note that there is no newline character at the end of the output, and instead there is a dollar sign ($) 
character. This is because the "-n" option tells "echo" to not print the newline character, 
but it doesn't prevent the shell from printing its own prompt on the same line as the output.

chdir():
The chdir function is used to change the current working directory of the program or process by passing the path 
to the function as shown in the syntax.The function return a integer value ,it returns 0 if the change of directory 
was successful otherwise it returns -1 and the current working directory remains unchanged and errno is set to to
 indicate the error type


The getcwd(): 
char *getcwd(char *buf, size_t size);
function places an absolute pathname of the current working directory in the array pointed to by buf, 
and returns buf. The size argument is the size in bytes of the character array pointed to by the buf argument.
If buf is a null pointer, the behaviour of getcwd() is undefined.The return value represent our current working directory.


pwd 
stands for Print Working Directory. 
It prints the path of the working directory, starting from the root.

The C library function char *getenv(const char *name) 
searches for the environment string pointed to by name and returns the associated value to the string.
ex printf("PATH : %s\n", getenv("PATH"));

The stat 
is a  command which gives information about the file and filesystem.gives information such as the size of the file,
 access permissions and the user ID and group ID, birth time access time of the file

 If the WIFEXITED macro indicates that the child process exited normally, the WEXITSTATUS macro returns the exit code specified by 
 the child. 
 If the WIFEXITED macro indicates that the child process did not exit normally, the value returned by the WEXITSTATUS macro has no meaning